TODO: this needs updating, priorities need to be sorted out.
Baseline story point of 1 = 2hrs

#4 As a user, I can keep track of shapes being rendered and choose shape types/properties.

	a) Description: 
	    A user can keep track of shapes being rendered through
	    	a shape file. Shapes are identified by their types and have properties.
            	Text has separate properties; all shapes have an unique ID.
	b) Tasks:
	    As a user, I can have an access to a shape file.
	    As a user, I can select shape types (line, polyline, polygon, rectangle, ellipse,
		text) and properties (shape dimensions, pen color, pen width, pen style,
 		pen cap style, pen join style, brush color, brush shape).
	    As a user, I can select separate properties for text (shape dimensions, text string,
		text color, text alignment, text point size, text font family, text font style,
		text font weight)
	    As a user, my shapes have its own unique Id's
	c) Tests:
	    Verify that user have an access to a shape file to keep track of rendering.
	    Verify that user can select shape types listed above.
	    Verify that user can select properties of types.
	    Verify that user can select separate properties for Text type.
	    Verify that each shape has an unique ID.
	d) Assignee:
		
	e) Estimation: 30
	f) Priority: 2
	g) Done:
	    User is able to access shape file.
	    User is able to select shape types/properties
	    User is able to select separate properties for Text type.
	    User is able to view each unique ID.
        
#5 As an administrator, I can move shapes being rendered.
	a) Description:
		An administrator can fill out a form to choose how to move a shape.
		Only administrators can move shapes.
		Changes to shapes are visible in the rendering area.

	b) Tasks:
		An administrator should be able to move shapes.
		Non-administrator users should not be able to move shapes.
		Changes should be visible to the user.

	c) Tests:
		Verify that administrators can move shapes
		Verify that non-administrators cannot move shapes.
		Verify that changes to shapes are reflected in the rendering area.

	d) Assignee:

	e) Estimation: 10
	
	f) Priority: 

	g) Done:
		Administrator is able to move shapes using a form.
		Program verifies that user is an administrator, does not allow shapes to be moved if not.
		User should be warned before moving shapes.
		Shape translations should be visible to the user post operation.

#10 As a user, I can save all changes.

    a) Description:
        A modler program user can save all changes between executions.
        The user can direct the modler program to load from that save file.
    b) Tasks:
        As a modler program user, I can manually save current changes to a file from a prompt. 
        As a modler program user, I can load previously saved changes to a file from a prompt.
    c) Tests:
        Verify that program user can manually save current changes to a file.
        Verfiy that program user can manually load previous changes from a file.
        Verify program asks user to save before quiting.
        Verify program asks user to load from a file when starting. 
    d) Assignee:

    e) Estimation: 30
    f) Priority: 10
    g) Done:
        User is able to select a save option while program is running.
        User is able to load from a save file while program is running.
        Program asks user to save before quiting.
        Program asks user to load from a file when starting.
